 Lilith grew up in a small city near a beach in the state of California. Her parents had both been working hard at the time to keep their home, but slowly as time would pass by, they both became stubborn at one another. Most of the time, there was disagreements between who had Lilith or not and it resulted in divorce. Rather being unfair that her father would be working hard for so many hours and not being able to her daughter until much later on in the day when she was asleep. It was heartbreaking for the 7 year old child and only child, she realized that her parents’ attitudes had changed. Her mother who was once amazing and cared for her had turned sour, completely cold and standing up for the things that were not right. Though, Lilith’s father was doing well without having to worry about the mother getting in the way.
 Years were passing much faster, Lilith’s heart was becoming much more cold and lacking the love of her own mother. She was afraid that maybe life will never go back to the ways they once were before. Her friends at school had made her feel rather wanted and loved, but eventually, many things happened along her life that had plunged her down deeper into sadness or much worse.. Depression. Now, she lives alone in an apartment not too far from her original home she lived in as in remembrance of her past and childhood life in that home. Soon enough, she had found out that something about her was different, something that made her feel inhuman or not human at all. Later on, she had discovered that she was a demon though more specifically, a succubus. Her tough and charming personality was the main part of the outside shell of herself. In the inside, she was soft and somewhat cared about others in such a way, but she shattered the thought knowing well from experience that she would be betrayed at some point. It was a way to keep others out of thought and focus on getting herself the right pleasure to be satisfied. She had much power in her that not one would imagine to have, but she lacked the ability to keep it in control. This type of control was of telekinesis in which she used constantly to gain some control upon it. Everything was completely new to her and discovery was made throughout changes in emotions. 
She had gained recognition of other demons such as her and saw them in a way that were different, some thought she was broken and focused too much on being kind. Lilith was surprised by the amount of her kind would lurk and seem to act completely human, having complete control over their own power